All right.
So at this point, we are the end of the first chapter.
We learned what is DevOps?
Benefits of DevOps challenges, different tools, DevOps workflows, DEP check, etc. Where do you go
next?
So here you have an option.
If you are already familiar with the DevOps prerequisites such as Linux commands, Git and GitHub,
cloud formation or TerraForm and Kubernetes basics, then you can skip the next four chapters and go
directly to the Jenkins chapter.
But if you are not aware of these prerequisites, you should check this chapter selectively.
If you don't know Kubernetes basics, check the Kubernetes Basics chapter.
If you are not sure about some of the Linux stuff, check out the Linux chapter, etc. because we are
going to use this foundational knowledge when we go into the Jenkins chapter, both in theory as well
as hands on demos.
All right.
With that being said, that's it for this one.
I'll see you guys and girls in the next chapter by.